Update Installation_RANSim_MHO.md (#197)
onosproject/sdran-in-a-box: docs/Installation_RANSim_MHO.md

# for a "dev" version
$ make riab OPT=mho VER=dev # for dev version
```

> **NOTE:We don't need to install anything, RiaB will take care of everything.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: There is no need to manually install any software (e.g., Kubernetes, Helm, etc.) because RiaB takes care of everything.**
```
